docs: add info about replica-rebuilds (#131)
openebs/mayastor-docs: reference/replica-rebuild.md

## Replica Rebuilds

> With the previous versions, the control plane ensured replica redundancy by monitoring all nexuses and checking for any nexus that were in `Degraded` state, indicating that one or more replicas of that nexus were faulty. When a matching nexus is found, the faulty replica is removed. Then, a new replica is created and added to the nexus object. As part of adding the new child data-plane, a full rebuild was initiated from one of the existing `Online` replicas.

Reviewer: let's replace the word nexus with `volume targets` as users won't know what a nexus is.

However, the drawback to the above approach was that even if a replica was inaccessible for a short period (e.g., due to a node restart), a full rebuild was triggered. This may not have a significant impact on replicas with small sizes, but it is not desirable for large replicas.

> The partial rebuild feature, overcomes the above problem and helps in achieving faster rebuild times. When nexus encounters IO error on a child/replica, It marks child as `Faulted`, it begins to maintain a write log for all subsequent writes and removes child from IO path. Core agent starts a default 10 minute wait for the replica to come back. If the child's replica is brought online again within timeout, the control-plane marks child as `Online`, after which nexus adds child to the IO path and initiates a partial rebuild process for the replica using the write log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The partial rebuild feature, overcomes the above problem and helps in achieving faster rebuild times. When volume target encounters IO error on a child/replica, it marks the child as `Faulted` (removing it from the I/O path) and begins to maintain a write log for all subsequent writes. The Core agent starts a default 10 minute wait for the replica to come back. If the child's replica is online again within timeout, the control-plane requests the volume target to online the child and add it to the IO path along with a partial rebuild process using the aforementioned write log.
```

Author: Updated the text.
